com/example/lesson4u/FirebaseStudent.java
 com.example.lesson4u.FirebaseStudent
com/example/lesson4u/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.lesson4u.BuildConfig
com/example/lesson4u/customAdapter.java
 com.example.lesson4u.customAdapter
 com.example.lesson4u.customAdapter$1
 com.example.lesson4u.customAdapter$2
 com.example.lesson4u.customAdapter$3
com/example/lesson4u/LoginOrRegister.java
 com.example.lesson4u.LoginOrRegister
com/example/lesson4u/FirebaseLesson.java
 com.example.lesson4u.FirebaseLesson
com/example/lesson4u/LessonResults.java
 com.example.lesson4u.LessonResults
com/example/lesson4u/LessonObj.java
 com.example.lesson4u.LessonObj
 com.example.lesson4u.LessonObj$1
com/example/lesson4u/MyAdapter.java
 com.example.lesson4u.MyAdapter
 com.example.lesson4u.MyAdapter$1
 com.example.lesson4u.MyAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/lesson4u/ScheduledLessonsActivity.java
 com.example.lesson4u.ScheduledLessonsActivity
com/example/lesson4u/TeacherObj.java
 com.example.lesson4u.TeacherObj
com/example/lesson4u/SearchForLessonsActivity.java
 com.example.lesson4u.SearchForLessonsActivity
 com.example.lesson4u.SearchForLessonsActivity$1
 com.example.lesson4u.SearchForLessonsActivity$1$1
com/example/lesson4u/MyAdapterForScheduledLessons.java
 com.example.lesson4u.MyAdapterForScheduledLessons
 com.example.lesson4u.MyAdapterForScheduledLessons$1
 com.example.lesson4u.MyAdapterForScheduledLessons$MyViewHolder
com/example/lesson4u/ProfileActivity.java
 com.example.lesson4u.ProfileActivity
com/example/lesson4u/FirebaseTeacher.java
 com.example.lesson4u.FirebaseTeacher
com/example/lesson4u/StudentObj.java
 com.example.lesson4u.StudentObj
com/example/lesson4u/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.lesson4u.RegisterActivity
 com.example.lesson4u.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.lesson4u.RegisterActivity$2
com/example/lesson4u/LessonDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.lesson4u.LessonDetailsActivity
 com.example.lesson4u.LessonDetailsActivity$1
 com.example.lesson4u.LessonDetailsActivity$2
 com.example.lesson4u.LessonDetailsActivity$2$1
com/example/lesson4u/MainActivity.java
 com.example.lesson4u.MainActivity
 com.example.lesson4u.MainActivity$1
 com.example.lesson4u.MainActivity$2
com/example/lesson4u/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.lesson4u.LoginActivity
 com.example.lesson4u.LoginActivity$1
com/example/lesson4u/userRegistration.java
 com.example.lesson4u.userRegistration
com/example/lesson4u/AddLessonActivity.java
 com.example.lesson4u.AddLessonActivity
 com.example.lesson4u.AddLessonActivity$1
 com.example.lesson4u.AddLessonActivity$1$1
